Hey guys, welcome back.
Now, you might have noticed that the last 20 lectures or
so have been a non-stop roller-coaster ride of scrappy
promotion strategies, and this
section looks, well, not like that.
This section, we're going to take a pause from the non-stop
promotion to do something that is really vitally important.
Is it redesigning your logo?
No.
Is it to find a back alley social media specialist?
No. It is to set up analytics on your
site so you know what is working.
Data nerds, rejoice.
Yes, we are going to talk about
how we track what is working.
This course is meant to be a big buffet of tactics.
Once upon a time, I was a young lad in a college that
would invite speakers to come inspire us and tell
us how they built their business.
My favorite one by far, despite the speaker sounding
like he spoke three languages, but really could only
speak one, was a man I won't name, who said, "The
secret to business is finding something that works, and
then you just do that a lot."
Pure poetry. And while that man is, on an unrelated note,
currently in prison, his wisdom still rings true today.
And guess what?
You can't really grow your business in a systematic
way if you have no idea what you're doing that's
bringing in the sales.
It could very easily be the case that nine of the 10
things you're doing are having absolutely no impact
at all and are a waste of time.
That's why we need to take a break and
get acquainted with the basics of analytics.
Once we start tracking who is doing what, we'll then be
able to narrow down on which techniques are bringing
in the most people, the right people, and where we
should then focus our energy. We'll cover tools like
Google Analytics, Mixpanel, and Kissmetrics, we'll go
through how to use the free version of Google Analytics
and interpret that spaghetti of data that it throws at you.
And then, last off, we'll go over ways of using linking tricks to get
even more of a granular understanding of what's working.
See you in the next lecture.